---
title: A Deer
tags: fiction, short-story
---

A deer, in dire straits, having spent the evening being hunted by loathsome critters primarily for her venison, came upon an outcropping of rocks overlooking a canyon.

There, after limited inwards debate, she decided to rest until morning, however "rest" here is used in the most tenuous of senses. She was sick, and hurt. On more than one occasion during the night she awoke, vomited, pissed her little guts out, and feverishly considered hurling her body over the side of the cliff unti it fell to be crumpled in a lifeless bloody mass at the bottom of the canyon.

There was at some point during her debillitating ordeal, a goat whom appeared in the clearing. Her stature was tall for a young goat her size, and her fur uniquelly black with mottled white spots. The goat was lost, separated from her herd. Being a goat, she was a natural socializer, and was particularly ill-fitted to the task of being alone.

The goat, perhaps half out of self-deluding desperation and half out of inherent goat nearsightedness, mistook the deer she came upon as another goat.

Delighted to have found a fellow goat in this cold, goatless world, the goat bucked into the air joyfully, and approached her newfound friend with what could almost be percieved as a selfless vigor. With the beautiful confidence only a loveable blind idiot goat can muster, she energetically nuzzled up to the deer, completely unable to grasp the concept of personal space at a time like this.

And the goat, having succeeded in finding a friend for the night, near immediatelly fell asleep.

The deer, even in her state, found the humor and ludicracy in what had just so quickly transpired.

Now, of course deers don't laugh. To do so would be to commit an unforgiveable faux pas against nature, and at the very least would surely wind up generating a highly upvoted video submission to Youtube titled "Hilarious deer laughs like a human!".

However despite the cruel and forboding nature of our world in which deer don't laugh; that night, amidst her infection, and pus, and wounds and blood and guts and deer-tears, the character whom we will all one day agree to refer to as "our hero", laughed. 